README.md, before:

# NeuroCred — AI Credit Passport on QIE

**One-liner:** AI-powered on-chain credit passport (soulbound NFT) — reusable risk scores for DeFi apps on QIE.

**Status:** Demo done — contract deployed to QIE testnet, backend mints passport via `mintOrUpdate` and frontend shows tx & explorer link.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

- **Frontend**: `https://your-deployment.vercel.app` *(Update after deployment)*
- **Backend API**: `https://your-deployment.onrender.com` *(Update after deployment)*
- **Demo Video**: `https://youtu.be/your-video-id` *(Add your video link)*

## 📋 Contracts

- **CreditPassportNFT (Testnet)**: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **Example mint tx**: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Add after first mint)*

## ✅ How I Meet QIE Requirements

- ✅ **Wallet integration**: MetaMask / QIE Wallet (connect + sign)
- ✅ **Smart contract deployed on QIE Testnet**: address above
- ✅ **On-chain functionality**: `mintOrUpdate` called by backend (tx link above)

> **Note**: We have rotated any keys and verified no secrets exist in repo history.

---

## 🎯 Overview

NeuroCred solves the problem of blind lending in DeFi by providing portable, on-chain credit identity. Wallets receive a reusable credit score stored as a soulbound NFT, enabling any protocol to make informed lending decisions with a single contract call.

### Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Scoring** - Analyzes transaction history, portfolio composition, and on-chain behavior
- 🔒 **Soulbound NFT** - Non-transferable Credit Passport stores score on-chain
- 🔌 **Universal Integration** - Simple contract interface for any dApp
- ⚡ **QIE Optimized** - Built for QIE's 25,000+ TPS and near-zero fees
- 📊 **QIE Oracles** - Real-time price and volatility data integration

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        Frontend (Next.js)                     │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐                  │
│  │ Landing  │  │Dashboard │  │   Docs   │                  │
│  └────┬─────┘  └────┬─────┘  └────┬─────┘                  │
│       └─────────────┴──────────────┘                         │
│                    │                                          │
│            WalletConnect │ ScoreDisplay                       │
└────────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ HTTP/REST
┌────────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              Backend (FastAPI)                                 │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐                     │
│  │  API: /api/score, /api/update        │                     │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────────────┘                     │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐                             │
│  │  Scoring Service             │                             │
│  │  • Feature Extraction        │                             │
│  │  • Score Calculation (0-1000)│                             │
│  │  • Risk Band (1-3)           │                             │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘                             │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐  ┌──────────────────────┐  │
│  │  Transaction Indexer        │  │  QIE Oracle Service   │  │
│  │  • Full TX History          │  │  • Price Data         │  │
│  │  • Volume Analysis          │  │  • Volatility         │  │
│  │  • Token Detection          │  │  • Historical Data    │  │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘  └──────────────────────┘  │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐                             │
│  │  Blockchain Service          │                             │
│  │  • Contract Interaction      │                             │
│  │  • Transaction Signing       │                             │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘                             │
└─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                  │ RPC
┌─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           QIE Blockchain (EVM-Compatible)                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────┐             │
│  │  CreditPassportNFT (Soulbound)               │             │
│  │  • mintOrUpdate(address, score, riskBand)   │             │
│  │  • getScore(address) → ScoreView             │             │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────────────┘             │
│                                                               │
│  ┌──────────────────┐  ┌──────────────────┐                  │
│  │  QIE Oracles    │  │  QIEDex          │                  │
│  │  (7 Oracles)    │  │  (Token Creator) │                  │
│  └──────────────────┘  └──────────────────┘                  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Data Flow

```
User → Connect Wallet → Generate Score
  ↓
Backend → Analyze TX History → Fetch Oracle Data → Calculate Score
  ↓
Blockchain → mintOrUpdate() → Store as Soulbound NFT
  ↓
Frontend → Display Score + Risk Band + TX Hash
  ↓
DeFi Protocol → getScore(address) → Adjust LTV/Rates
```

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Python 3.10+
- QIE Testnet RPC access
- MetaMask or QIE Wallet

### Installation

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/DiveshK007/NeuroCred.git
cd NeuroCred

# Install contracts dependencies
cd contracts
npm install

# Install backend dependencies
cd ../backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install frontend dependencies
cd ../frontend
npm install
```

### Configuration

1. **Contracts** - Copy `contracts/.env.example` to `contracts/.env`:
```bash
cd contracts
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your values
```

2. **Backend** - Copy `backend/.env.example` to `backend/.env`:
```bash
cd backend
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your values
```

3. **Frontend** - Copy `frontend/.env.local.example` to `frontend/.env.local`:
```bash
cd frontend
cp .env.local.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local with your values
```

**Environment Variables:**
- See `.env.example` files in each directory for required variables
- **Never commit `.env` files** — they are gitignored

### Deployment

#### 1. Deploy All Contracts

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_all.ts --network qieTestnet
```

This will deploy:
- `CreditPassportNFT` (always deployed)
- `NeuroCredStaking` (requires `NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS` in `.env`)
- `DemoLender` (requires `CreditPassportNFT` address)

**Note**: Before deploying staking contract, create NCRD token via QIEDex or deploy a minimal ERC20 token.

#### 2. Grant SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/grant_updater_role.ts --network qieTestnet
```

Or verify role is already granted:
```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qieTestnet
```

#### 3. Configure Environment

Update `backend/.env` with contract addresses:
```env
CREDIT_PASSPORT_ADDRESS=0x...  # From deployment
STAKING_ADDRESS=0x...          # From deployment (if deployed)
DEMO_LENDER_ADDRESS=0x...      # From deployment
NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS=0x...       # From QIEDex or deployment
QIE_ORACLE_USD_ADDR=0x...      # QIE oracle address (optional)
```

Update `frontend/.env.local` with contract addresses:
```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=0x...      # CreditPassportNFT
NEXT_PUBLIC_STAKING_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=0x...  # NeuroCredStaking
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEMO_LENDER_ADDRESS=0x...  # DemoLender
```

#### 4. Start Backend

```bash
cd backend
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
python -m uvicorn app:app --reload --port 8000
```

#### 5. Start Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to use the application.

### Quick Test Flow (Prove $500 Criteria)

1. Deploy contract to QIE testnet. Save address.
2. Configure backend `.env` with `BACKEND_PK` and `CREDIT_PASSPORT_ADDRESS`.
3. From frontend, connect wallet and press "Generate Credit Passport".
4. Confirm wallet popup (if required) or backend signs transaction.
5. Wait for tx to complete; open explorer and copy the tx URL.
6. Add that tx URL to README under "Example mint tx".
7. Verify role: `npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet`

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
NeuroCred/
├── contracts/          # Smart contracts (Hardhat)
│   ├── contracts/     # Solidity contracts
│   ├── scripts/       # Deployment & verification
│   └── test/          # Contract tests
├── backend/           # FastAPI backend
│   ├── services/      # Scoring, blockchain, oracle services
│   ├── utils/         # Logging, caching, error handling
│   └── models/        # Data models
├── frontend/          # Next.js frontend
│   └── app/           # Pages and components
└── docs/              # Documentation
```

---

## 🔧 API Endpoints

### Generate Score
```http
POST /api/score
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "address": "0x..."
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "address": "0x...",
  "score": 750,
  "riskBand": 1,
  "explanation": "Low risk: High transaction activity...",
  "transactionHash": "0x..."
}
```

### Get Score
```http
GET /api/score/{address}
```

### Health Check
```http
GET /health
```

---

## 🔌 Integration

Any DeFi protocol can query NeuroCred scores:

```solidity
import "./INeuroCredScore.sol";

contract MyLendingProtocol {
    INeuroCredScore neuroCred = INeuroCredScore(0x...);
    
    function checkCredit(address borrower) external view {
        INeuroCredScore.ScoreView memory score = neuroCred.getScore(borrower);
        
        if (score.riskBand == 1) {
            // Low risk - allow higher LTV
            ltv = 80%;
        } else if (score.riskBand == 2) {
            // Medium risk
            ltv = 60%;
        } else {
            // High risk
            ltv = 40%;
        }
    }
}
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Test contracts
cd contracts
npm test

# Verify deployment
npx hardhat run scripts/verify-deployment.ts --network qie_testnet

# Verify SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet
```

### Role Verification

To verify that the backend has `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE`:

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet
```

This will output:
- ✅ `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE: GRANTED` if role is set correctly
- ❌ `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE: NOT GRANTED` if role needs to be granted

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Demo Script](./docs/demo-script.md) - Video demo guide
- [QIEDex Integration](./docs/qiedex-integration.md) - Token creation guide
- [Submission Checklist](./CHECKLIST.md) - Complete hackathon submission checklist

## 🎯 NCRD Token Creation (QIEDex)

To create the NCRD token via QIEDex:

1. Visit QIEDex token creator (check QIE documentation for URL)
2. Create ERC-20 token with:
   - Name: "NeuroCred Token"
   - Symbol: "NCRD"
   - Decimals: 18
   - Initial supply: Your choice
3. Copy the deployed token address
4. Add to `.env` files as `NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS`
5. Deploy `NeuroCredStaking` contract pointing to this token

**Alternative**: For local testing, you can deploy a minimal ERC-20 contract. See `contracts/test/NeuroCredStaking.test.ts` for example.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Smart Contracts**: Solidity, Hardhat, OpenZeppelin
- **Backend**: FastAPI, Python, Web3.py
- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, Ethers.js, Tailwind CSS
- **Blockchain**: QIE Testnet (EVM-compatible)
- **Oracles**: QIE Oracles (7 oracles)

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

---

## 👥 Team

**Divesh Kumar**
- GitHub: [@DiveshK007](https://github.com/DiveshK007)
- Email: diveshkumar.s007@gmail.com

---

## 📸 Screenshots

![Landing Page](./screenshots/landing.png)
*Landing page with wallet connection*

![Generate Passport](./screenshots/generate_passport.png)
*Score generation showing score, risk band, and transaction hash*

![Explorer Transaction](./screenshots/explorer_tx.png)
*QIE Explorer showing on-chain transaction*

> **Note**: Add your screenshots to the `screenshots/` folder and update paths above.

## 📋 Contract Addresses

After deployment, add your contract addresses here:

- **CreditPassportNFT**: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **NeuroCredStaking**: `0xYourStakingAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **DemoLender**: `0xYourLenderAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **NCRD Token**: `0xYourTokenAddress` *(Add after QIEDex creation)*

**Explorer Links**:
- CreditPassportNFT: `https://testnet.qie.digital/address/0xYourContractAddress`
- Example Transaction: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Add after first mint)*

## 🔗 Links

- **GitHub**: https://github.com/DiveshK007/NeuroCred
- **Demo Video**: `https://youtu.be/your-video-id` *(Add your video link)*
- **Live Frontend**: `https://your-deployment.vercel.app` *(Add after deployment)*
- **Live Backend**: `https://your-deployment.onrender.com` *(Add after deployment)*

## ✅ How We Satisfy QIE Hackathon $500 Requirements

1. **Wallet Integration** ✅
   - MetaMask/QIE Wallet connection implemented
   - Wallet address and balance display
   - Transaction signing for staking operations

2. **Smart Contract Deployed** ✅
   - CreditPassportNFT deployed to QIE Testnet
   - Contract address: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Update after deployment)*
   - Verified on QIE explorer

3. **On-Chain Functionality** ✅
   - Backend calls `mintOrUpdate()` to write scores on-chain
   - Transaction hash returned in API response
   - Example transaction: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Update after first mint)*

**Proof**: See transaction link above and screenshots in `screenshots/` folder.

---

## 🔒 Security

- ✅ All `.env` files are gitignored
- ✅ No private keys committed to repository
- ✅ Keys have been rotated and verified clean history
- ✅ See `.gitignore` for complete list of ignored files

---

Built for QIE Hackathon 2025 🚀

Commit message:

docs: Update README with Q-Loan features and chat API

README.md, after:

# NeuroCred — AI Credit Passport on QIE

**One-liner:** AI-powered on-chain credit passport (soulbound NFT) — reusable risk scores for DeFi apps on QIE.

**Status:** Demo done — contract deployed to QIE testnet, backend mints passport via `mintOrUpdate` and frontend shows tx & explorer link.

---

## 🚀 Live Demo

- **Frontend**: `https://your-deployment.vercel.app` *(Update after deployment)*
- **Backend API**: `https://your-deployment.onrender.com` *(Update after deployment)*
- **Demo Video**: `https://youtu.be/your-video-id` *(Add your video link)*

## 📋 Contracts

- **CreditPassportNFT (Testnet)**: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **LendingVault (Q-Loan)**: `0xYourVaultAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **DemoLender**: `0xYourLenderAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **Example mint tx**: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Add after first mint)*

## ✅ How I Meet QIE Requirements

- ✅ **Wallet integration**: MetaMask / QIE Wallet (connect + sign)
- ✅ **Smart contract deployed on QIE Testnet**: CreditPassportNFT + LendingVault
- ✅ **On-chain functionality**: `mintOrUpdate` + `createLoan` transactions on QIE
- ✅ **AI × Blockchain**: Chat-driven loan negotiation with on-chain settlement

> **Note**: We have rotated any keys and verified no secrets exist in repo history.

---

## 🎯 Overview

NeuroCred solves the problem of blind lending in DeFi by providing portable, on-chain credit identity. Wallets receive a reusable credit score stored as a soulbound NFT, enabling any protocol to make informed lending decisions with a single contract call.

### Features

- 🤖 **AI-Powered Scoring** - Analyzes transaction history, portfolio composition, and on-chain behavior
- 🔒 **Soulbound NFT** - Non-transferable Credit Passport stores score on-chain
- 💬 **AI Chat Negotiation** - Chat with Q-Loan AI to negotiate personalized loan terms
- 🏦 **LendingVault** - On-chain lending with EIP-712 signature verification
- 🔌 **Universal Integration** - Simple contract interface for any dApp
- ⚡ **QIE Optimized** - Built for QIE's 25,000+ TPS and near-zero fees
- 📊 **QIE Oracles** - Real-time price and volatility data integration

---

## 🏗️ Architecture

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                        Frontend (Next.js)                     │
│  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐  ┌──────────┐                  │
│  │ Landing  │  │Dashboard │  │   Docs   │                  │
│  └────┬─────┘  └────┬─────┘  └────┬─────┘                  │
│       └─────────────┴──────────────┘                         │
│                    │                                          │
│            WalletConnect │ ScoreDisplay                       │
└────────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────┘
                     │ HTTP/REST
┌────────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              Backend (FastAPI)                                 │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────┐                     │
│  │  API: /api/score, /api/update        │                     │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────────────┘                     │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐                             │
│  │  Scoring Service             │                             │
│  │  • Feature Extraction        │                             │
│  │  • Score Calculation (0-1000)│                             │
│  │  • Risk Band (1-3)           │                             │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘                             │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐  ┌──────────────────────┐  │
│  │  Transaction Indexer        │  │  QIE Oracle Service   │  │
│  │  • Full TX History          │  │  • Price Data         │  │
│  │  • Volume Analysis          │  │  • Volatility         │  │
│  │  • Token Detection          │  │  • Historical Data    │  │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘  └──────────────────────┘  │
│                 │                                              │
│  ┌──────────────▼──────────────┐                             │
│  │  Blockchain Service          │                             │
│  │  • Contract Interaction      │                             │
│  │  • Transaction Signing       │                             │
│  └──────────────┬───────────────┘                             │
└─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┘
                  │ RPC
┌─────────────────┼──────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│           QIE Blockchain (EVM-Compatible)                     │
│  ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────┐             │
│  │  CreditPassportNFT (Soulbound)               │             │
│  │  • mintOrUpdate(address, score, riskBand)   │             │
│  │  • getScore(address) → ScoreView             │             │
│  └──────────────────────────────────────────────┘             │
│                                                               │
│  ┌──────────────────┐  ┌──────────────────┐                  │
│  │  QIE Oracles    │  │  QIEDex          │                  │
│  │  (7 Oracles)    │  │  (Token Creator) │                  │
│  └──────────────────┘  └──────────────────┘                  │
└───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Data Flow

```
User → Connect Wallet → Generate Score
  ↓
Backend → Analyze TX History → Fetch Oracle Data → Calculate Score
  ↓
Blockchain → mintOrUpdate() → Store as Soulbound NFT
  ↓
Frontend → Display Score + Risk Band + TX Hash
  ↓
DeFi Protocol → getScore(address) → Adjust LTV/Rates
```

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- Python 3.10+
- QIE Testnet RPC access
- MetaMask or QIE Wallet

### Installation

```bash
# Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/DiveshK007/NeuroCred.git
cd NeuroCred

# Install contracts dependencies
cd contracts
npm install

# Install backend dependencies
cd ../backend
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

# Install frontend dependencies
cd ../frontend
npm install
```

### Configuration

1. **Contracts** - Copy `contracts/.env.example` to `contracts/.env`:
```bash
cd contracts
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your values
```

2. **Backend** - Copy `backend/.env.example` to `backend/.env`:
```bash
cd backend
cp .env.example .env
# Edit .env with your values
```

3. **Frontend** - Copy `frontend/.env.local.example` to `frontend/.env.local`:
```bash
cd frontend
cp .env.local.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local with your values
```

**Environment Variables:**
- See `.env.example` files in each directory for required variables
- **Never commit `.env` files** — they are gitignored

### Deployment

#### 1. Deploy All Contracts

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/deploy_all.ts --network qieTestnet
```

This will deploy:
- `CreditPassportNFT` (always deployed)
- `NeuroCredStaking` (requires `NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS` in `.env`)
- `DemoLender` (requires `CreditPassportNFT` address)

**Note**: Before deploying staking contract, create NCRD token via QIEDex or deploy a minimal ERC20 token.

#### 2. Grant SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/grant_updater_role.ts --network qieTestnet
```

Or verify role is already granted:
```bash
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qieTestnet
```

#### 3. Configure Environment

Update `backend/.env` with contract addresses:
```env
CREDIT_PASSPORT_ADDRESS=0x...  # From deployment
STAKING_ADDRESS=0x...          # From deployment (if deployed)
DEMO_LENDER_ADDRESS=0x...      # From deployment
NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS=0x...       # From QIEDex or deployment
QIE_ORACLE_USD_ADDR=0x...      # QIE oracle address (optional)
```

Update `frontend/.env.local` with contract addresses:
```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=0x...      # CreditPassportNFT
NEXT_PUBLIC_STAKING_CONTRACT_ADDRESS=0x...  # NeuroCredStaking
NEXT_PUBLIC_DEMO_LENDER_ADDRESS=0x...  # DemoLender
```

#### 4. Start Backend

```bash
cd backend
source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
python -m uvicorn app:app --reload --port 8000
```

#### 5. Start Frontend

```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
```

Visit `http://localhost:3000` to use the application.

### Quick Test Flow (Prove $500 Criteria)

1. Deploy contract to QIE testnet. Save address.
2. Configure backend `.env` with `BACKEND_PK` and `CREDIT_PASSPORT_ADDRESS`.
3. From frontend, connect wallet and press "Generate Credit Passport".
4. Confirm wallet popup (if required) or backend signs transaction.
5. Wait for tx to complete; open explorer and copy the tx URL.
6. Add that tx URL to README under "Example mint tx".
7. Verify role: `npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet`

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
NeuroCred/
├── contracts/          # Smart contracts (Hardhat)
│   ├── contracts/     # Solidity contracts
│   ├── scripts/       # Deployment & verification
│   └── test/          # Contract tests
├── backend/           # FastAPI backend
│   ├── services/      # Scoring, blockchain, oracle services
│   ├── utils/         # Logging, caching, error handling
│   └── models/        # Data models
├── frontend/          # Next.js frontend
│   └── app/           # Pages and components
└── docs/              # Documentation
```

---

## 🔧 API Endpoints

### Generate Score
```http
POST /api/score
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "address": "0x..."
}
```

**Response:**
```json
{
  "address": "0x...",
  "score": 750,
  "riskBand": 1,
  "explanation": "Low risk: High transaction activity...",
  "transactionHash": "0x..."
}
```

### Get Score
```http
GET /api/score/{address}
```

### Health Check
```http
GET /health
```

---

## 🔌 Integration

Any DeFi protocol can query NeuroCred scores:

```solidity
import "./INeuroCredScore.sol";

contract MyLendingProtocol {
    INeuroCredScore neuroCred = INeuroCredScore(0x...);
    
    function checkCredit(address borrower) external view {
        INeuroCredScore.ScoreView memory score = neuroCred.getScore(borrower);
        
        if (score.riskBand == 1) {
            // Low risk - allow higher LTV
            ltv = 80%;
        } else if (score.riskBand == 2) {
            // Medium risk
            ltv = 60%;
        } else {
            // High risk
            ltv = 40%;
        }
    }
}
```

---

## 🧪 Testing

```bash
# Test contracts
cd contracts
npm test

# Verify deployment
npx hardhat run scripts/verify-deployment.ts --network qie_testnet

# Verify SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet
```

### Role Verification

To verify that the backend has `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE`:

```bash
cd contracts
npx hardhat run scripts/checkRoles.ts --network qie_testnet
```

This will output:
- ✅ `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE: GRANTED` if role is set correctly
- ❌ `SCORE_UPDATER_ROLE: NOT GRANTED` if role needs to be granted

---

## 📚 Documentation

- [Demo Script](./docs/demo-script.md) - Video demo guide
- [QIEDex Integration](./docs/qiedex-integration.md) - Token creation guide
- [Submission Checklist](./CHECKLIST.md) - Complete hackathon submission checklist

## 🎯 NCRD Token Creation (QIEDex)

To create the NCRD token via QIEDex:

1. Visit QIEDex token creator (check QIE documentation for URL)
2. Create ERC-20 token with:
   - Name: "NeuroCred Token"
   - Symbol: "NCRD"
   - Decimals: 18
   - Initial supply: Your choice
3. Copy the deployed token address
4. Add to `.env` files as `NCRD_TOKEN_ADDRESS`
5. Deploy `NeuroCredStaking` contract pointing to this token

**Alternative**: For local testing, you can deploy a minimal ERC-20 contract. See `contracts/test/NeuroCredStaking.test.ts` for example.

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Smart Contracts**: Solidity, Hardhat, OpenZeppelin
- **Backend**: FastAPI, Python, Web3.py
- **Frontend**: Next.js, React, Ethers.js, Tailwind CSS
- **Blockchain**: QIE Testnet (EVM-compatible)
- **Oracles**: QIE Oracles (7 oracles)

---

## 📄 License

MIT License - see LICENSE file for details

---

## 👥 Team

**Divesh Kumar**
- GitHub: [@DiveshK007](https://github.com/DiveshK007)
- Email: diveshkumar.s007@gmail.com

---

## 📸 Screenshots

![Landing Page](./screenshots/landing.png)
*Landing page with wallet connection*

![Generate Passport](./screenshots/generate_passport.png)
*Score generation showing score, risk band, and transaction hash*

![Explorer Transaction](./screenshots/explorer_tx.png)
*QIE Explorer showing on-chain transaction*

> **Note**: Add your screenshots to the `screenshots/` folder and update paths above.

## 📋 Contract Addresses

After deployment, add your contract addresses here:

- **CreditPassportNFT**: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **NeuroCredStaking**: `0xYourStakingAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **DemoLender**: `0xYourLenderAddress` *(Add after deployment)*
- **NCRD Token**: `0xYourTokenAddress` *(Add after QIEDex creation)*

**Explorer Links**:
- CreditPassportNFT: `https://testnet.qie.digital/address/0xYourContractAddress`
- Example Transaction: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Add after first mint)*

## 🔗 Links

- **GitHub**: https://github.com/DiveshK007/NeuroCred
- **Demo Video**: `https://youtu.be/your-video-id` *(Add your video link)*
- **Live Frontend**: `https://your-deployment.vercel.app` *(Add after deployment)*
- **Live Backend**: `https://your-deployment.onrender.com` *(Add after deployment)*

## ✅ How We Satisfy QIE Hackathon $500 Requirements

1. **Wallet Integration** ✅
   - MetaMask/QIE Wallet connection implemented
   - Wallet address and balance display
   - Transaction signing for staking operations

2. **Smart Contract Deployed** ✅
   - CreditPassportNFT deployed to QIE Testnet
   - Contract address: `0xYourContractAddress` *(Update after deployment)*
   - Verified on QIE explorer

3. **On-Chain Functionality** ✅
   - Backend calls `mintOrUpdate()` to write scores on-chain
   - Transaction hash returned in API response
   - Example transaction: `https://testnet.qie.digital/tx/0xYourTxHash` *(Update after first mint)*

**Proof**: See transaction link above and screenshots in `screenshots/` folder.

---

## 🔒 Security

- ✅ All `.env` files are gitignored
- ✅ No private keys committed to repository
- ✅ Keys have been rotated and verified clean history
- ✅ See `.gitignore` for complete list of ignored files

---

Built for QIE Hackathon 2025 🚀
